(Karl) Add the following items to the alert information:

    (Done) The RPM associated with the target context, we already have the
    RPM associated with the source context. We need a query will be
    performed by the Plugin class and we need to add it to the
    siginfo. We also need to rename the existing rpm list to
    disambiguate whether the RPM refer to the source or target.

    (Done) The full AVC, this information is now in the siginfo, it just
    needs to be added to the HTML display rendering.

    (Done) The analysis_id (e.g. the plugin), it's currently only in the
    signature, it needs to be copied into the siginfo and then
    rendered by the HTML generator.

    (Done) add host name to environment


(Done - Karl) We need two siginfo formatting utilites, given a siginfo one
function will return an HTML representation and another function will
return plain text (to be used for plaintext email and writing to
stdout).

(John) Add log file scanning support (I'm currently working on this).
We could use a better parser for AVC's in log file or other "stream",
should work by accepting data via a feed() method and invoke a
callback when it finds an AVC returning an AVC class and a range
(start,end) where it was located (question: should the range be line
numbers for files and btye offsets for streams?)

(Done - Dan) The browser window needs all the menu items hooked up

(Done - John) The browser applet needs a method to display status messages.

(John) Fix the alert filtering UI

(Done Dan) We need to support printing, Dan has started on this but not much is
there yet other than the print dialog. 

(Deferred until gtk has better support - Dan) We need a way to render for printing HTML. I think the right way to approach 
this convert to HTML the alerts selected in the the list view of the browser and 
then hand that HTML off to a printing function.

(John) Delete an alert, I've already added the rpc call, we just need to hook
it up to the UI.

(John) Add a "lookup up by local id" function.

(Done - Dan) Add support for reporting the local id in the syslog

(Dan) Make email alerts useable:
    Filter after first seen by a given user (should be resettable)

    Split the config file into two pieces, system config, and 
    email (per user preferences??) config

    The email message content should be the alert HTML. The generation
    of the email message is aleady using the standard python email
    library with MIME support, it should be easy to just insert the
    HTML as a MIME part using the library calls. We'll also need to
    insert a "plain text" mime part.

(Karl) Test and fix any bugs related to any of the processes going down,
coming up, connections lost/gained, etc.

(Done - Karl) make server (and client) react to signals, e.g. HUP,
KeyboardInterrupt, and do the right things will all threads

(John) Provide thread-safe locking on the database in the server

(deferred) Gracefully handle any different versions of the database.

(John) xml serialization should know to convert between string
representations of numbers and numbers. When fixing look for int(),
the conversion to string is often done with "%d" rather than str().
NOTE: the xml serialization work has already been done and tested, we
just need to look for places which are still doing string conversions.

(John) Purge outstandingCmds

(deferred) split "front end" into command line tool and GUI tool

(deferred) Implement the "Fix It" button (many issues here, regarding security)

(deferred) Review how plugin's are authored, make sure it's totally friendly.

(deferred) Write a plugin author's guide.

(deferred) Define a policy on how plugin's get added and plugin
modifications are reviewed. Plugin integrity is absolutely vital.

(deferred) Assure plugin's cannot be maliciously modified and that
foreign plugins whose integrity cannot be verified are never run.

(deferred) Make sockets use SSL

(deferred) Add functionality to query existing bugzilla's, display them.

(deferred) Add functionality to generate a bugzilla

(deferred) Add functionality to query known fixes
